there's a bad time to find out who has
the greatest EastEnders wedding ever
tell who's your first watch kind of a
marriage would it be
I always knew at the back of my Monday
it wasn't me you wanted it was my money
but before I go I want you to have this
so Ian final question you've got the
twenty thousand pounds that's safe if
you had to choose one of the following
what would it be 1 million pounds and
new fish fat and sausages or a happy
marriage take you time Ian
phone-a-friend okay we've got John the
line if he could choose between a happy
marriage or money I honestly think that
he would choose a happy marriage let's
see if you might if you gave me a choice
between a million pounds marrying you I
choose you every time lover the million
Shane it won't last
you are so white trash Perea please tell
me you're related look see and Shawn was
so white trash so white trash I mean
just brilliant you don't get worse than
that
my initial reaction when I found out
that Roxy and Sean were getting married
was how long's that gonna last I think
Christian knows a bad boy when he sees
one
Roxy likes that Sean was a bad boy Sean
likes that Roxy was a bit crazy you
gotta have the year in the yang and not
you know Yang and yang
it's also a nutter they were both
basically misfits big days here now and
sure needs some last-minute reassurance
I'm gonna be at hotel room we've put for
our wedding and I'm gonna have sex with
whoever's there tried it on in the file
and I said that's perfect knowing you
watch things with your mama think so I'd
like a cup of tea now had Amy been
showing baby assured and Roxy would have
definitely stayed together they could
have been beautiful I cannot Lawrence
the prison leg-breaking Bianca belong
together yet without doubt pendant whew
this next one is EastEnders most lavish
wedding
with two points for the damn factor its
Syed and Amira the Masood wedding looks
absolutely fantastic yeah went on for
three days yes great wedding it has
style
it has sex appeal and it has a
super-sized secret there wasn't gonna be
a wedding
oh my god how is this going to turn out
it was a Bollywood Bonanza of forbidden
love a boy meets girl and then boy meets
boy say Christian Muslim you had a
classic time bomb but you had a time
bomb
with a twist
if you're gonna have an affair why not
make it a really complicated one this
was never about religion this was a love
story this was Romeo and Romeo gnostic
booze
she's gonna kiss a man but it isn't
Romeo in Romeo who were getting married
it was no expense spared spectacular on
the square but running right through the
spectacle was the fact that side didn't
really love a mirror and his true love
was Christian for at least so he'd had
an understanding love it makes me once
you've got a gay relationship in an
Islamic scenario the game has changed
again you've found a new obstacles and
he loved it I just absolutely love hey
Christian
meanwhile it's business as usual
priority in xenops head is the wedding
has to go ahead because this is going to
be the best wedding Wolford ever seen
and it's got to go without a hitch I now
pronounce you man and wife
and may Allah rain down blessings on you
and your families they're already
married he's lost it
it's not going to happen true love never
did run smooth did it eh
but it wasn't long before Christian and
Syed were back together
oh that looks incriminating and soon the
writing was on the wall it's true this
wedding doesn't just a sit in the car
mistakes the aftermath was pretty
explosive - I'm the gay man in a sham
marriage deserves better okay so the
marriage wasn't a great success but we
might just get a happy ever after for
this one just not for the bride I love
the idea of Christian Syed's you know
united against the world against their
families still in partnership why not
Christian inside it could work I'm not
sure they never would be there waving
any banners
and for loser wins once the dream begins